Removed numpy pin (#1317)
fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking: docs/source/users/checkpointing.rst

this feature is developed but should be done with caution to ensure results
are still comparable.

.. important::

   It is recommended that the same version of python is used to load

>    the checkpoint file as was used when the file was created. Merging
>    files created on the same version of python is also recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the checkpoint file as was used when the file was created. 
   We also recommend that any checkpoint files to be merged 
   are created using the same version of python.
```
